well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we're going to talk about how
we got here
how we got in this giant mess
with everybody well where they are
so we're going to take a look back we're
going to summarize we're going to recap
sometimes it is incredibly useful to
look back and
see where you've been so you can see
where you might be headed
especially if that's not really where
you want to go
you can adjust course if you need to
so how do we end up here
i mean you could say unresponsive
government and economic woes
but that's nothing new
that's been true since colonizers first
came to this land it's always been like
that
so that's not it
what were the real ingredients what
started it
a situation that nobody agrees on right
now
it's disputed as to what happened
a petty crime some
pig and an extrajudicial killing
that's how we wound up here then what
happened
petitions outrage
protest protests spun out of control
turned into rioting and looting
a group of people took land and held it
spun out of control government building
got attacked
then it spun out of control further a
whole bunch of innocents got hurt
open rebellion lasted a year
yeah i'm talking about 1676 bacon's
rebellion really was
over a pig that was the catalyst anyway
you know when people uh hear about that
in the u.s when it's taught in schools
it's generally framed as
the forerunner to the american
revolution
that's american mythology that is
american mythology it is not american
history
neither bacon nor the governor had any
intention of separating
from from the king in fact both of them
framed their arguments
in what was best for the king was not
the forerunner to the american
revolution it's just not really true
but it was the first real rebellion
and an important thing to remember about
it
is while both bacon
and the governor had people who truly
believed
in their cause and for the record what
they were arguing about was pretty
horrible
just so you know
while they both had people who believed
in them
at the end of the day nothing changed
nothing changed in fact
some foreign advisors showed up they
brought some stuff with them
and when all the dust settled and
everything was over with
neither bacon nor the governor was in
power
the advisors made sure that
those who had their hands on the levers
of power
that they were loyal to them
and as people rush towards
that image that mythological image
of rebellion and what it looks like
that's something really important to
keep in mind
because as a whole bunch of people talk
about how much they love this country
and they need to do this because they
love this country
understand that the second it starts
every hostile nation on the planet
is going to flood this country with
weapons they will keep it going
as long as they possibly can to weaken
that country
you say you love it will
destroy it
the image of the glorious rebellion
is myth it's mythology
it's not real life
we might want to think about that a
certain group of people
who are really pushing for it
really might want to think about that
because the odds are
it's not going to go the way you think
because this stuff doesn't occur in a
vacuum
nobody's going to just sit idly by
while a nuclear power one of the
strongest militaries in the world
rips itself apart they're going to get
their fingers in the game
it's probably not gonna go well for the
american people
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day